feat: expand sign and send cases (#771)
dapphub/dapptools: src/seth/README.md

This probably means you need to use Geth's or Parity's account
management tools to "unlock" your account.

> If both `ETH_RPC_ACCOUNTS` and `ETH_FROM` are set, Seth will first check if the
> provided account is in the keystore and only use the RPC node's signer if the
> account does not exist.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If both `ETH_RPC_ACCOUNTS` and `ETH_FROM` are set, `seth` will first check if the
provided account can be found in the keystore, or in any connected hardware
wallet, and only use the RPC node's signer if the account does not exist.
```
